Add partitioned-heat OpenFOAM participant with solver (#223)
precice/tutorials: partitioned-heat-conduction/README.md

This simple case allows us to compare the solution for the partitioned case to a known analytical solution (method of manufactures solutions, see [1, p.37ff]). For more usage examples and details, please refer to [3, sect. 4.1].

## Available solvers and dependencies

You can either couple a solver with itself or different solvers with each other. In any case you will need to have preCICE

* FEniCS. Install [FEniCS](https://fenicsproject.org/download/) and the [FEniCS-adapter](https://github.com/precice/fenics-adapter). The code is largely based on this [fenics-tutorial](https://github.com/hplgit/fenics-tutorial/blob/master/pub/python/vol1/ft03_heat.py) from [1].

* Nutils. Install [Nutils](http://www.nutils.org/en/latest/).

> * OpenFOAM. Running this tutorial with OpenFOAM is a bit of a challenge and requires some special considerations. First of all, OpenFOAM does not provide a Laplace solver with a non-zero right-hand side. Therefore, we provide a modified Laplace solver together with the tutorial, which needs to be compiled before running the tutorial. The solver can be compiled by executing `wmake` in the solver directory `./openfoam-solver/`. Afterwards, the custom solver `heatTransfer` can be started from the respective OpenFOAM case directory by copying it into the OpenFOAM solver directory or copying it directly into the case directory. The second challenge is given by the time- and space-dependent Dirichlet boundary conditions required for domain boundaries belonging not to the interface. For this purpose, a valid installation of `groovyBC` (part of `swak4Foam`) is required. Having the solver and an evaluator for the boundaries, the tutorial is ready to run. However, if you want to modify the tutorial the space-dependent initial condition of this tutorial state the third challenge. We let `funkySetFields`, which is installed along with OpenFOAM by default, evaluate the initial condition. You can simply execute the script `setInitialField.sh` in order to evaluate and store the required initial condition in the `0` directory. Note that `funkySetFields` overrides unintentionally the boundary conditions as well, so that you might need to restore them after you executed it.

Reviewer: I think that this is a very long paragraph with multiple different points. Better move it to an independent section and refer there.

Author: I'm not sure: This section was originally dedicated to case specific details and all these things are only related to this specific tutorial cases and openfoam. Why moving it to another section and where should the section go? For me, this makes things more complicated.

Reviewer: My observation is that this part is difficult to parse quickly, it needs to explain far more content than the FEniCS/Nutils, and I cannot add line-specific comments and suggestions for the review.

What I have in mind is something like:

```markdown
* OpenFOAM. Install [OpenFOAM](<our docs>) and the [OpenFOAM adapter](<our docs>). This tutorial uses a custom solver, which you can find in <location> and build using `cd <location> && wmake`. 

### Notes on the OpenFOAM case

(more details)
```

Alternatives:
- Use nested bullets for more details (avoid the subsection).
- Move the running parts to the "running the simulation" section.

I just see a large difference between the OpenFOAM case documentation and the rest and I am trying to make it specific. Can you also see this difference?

Author: > My observation is that this part is difficult to parse quickly, it needs to explain far more content than the FEniCS/Nutils, 

Opening up a dedicated section will not change it, right?

> and I cannot add line-specific comments and suggestions for the review.

That's not a problem of the documentation on t he website in the first place.

> I just see a large difference between the OpenFOAM case documentation and the rest and I am trying to make it specific. Can you also see this difference?

There are differences, but my assumption is that the people only read the parts they are interested in. I will try to break it up into smaller subsections.

Author: I changed it now. Feel free to review and re-open again if not sufficient.

* Nutils. Install [Nutils](http://www.nutils.org/en/latest/).

* OpenFOAM. Install OpenFOAM and the [OpenFOAM adapter](https://www.precice.org/adapter-openfoam-overview.html). This tutorial uses a custom solver, which you can find in `tutorials/partitioned-heat-conduction/openfoam-solver` and build using `cd tutorials/partitioned-heat-conduction/openfoam-solver && wmake`. Have a look at the section below (Notes on the OpenFOAM case) for further information.

### Notes on the OpenFOAM case

Running this tutorial with OpenFOAM is a bit of a challenge and requires some special considerations:

* First of all, OpenFOAM does not provide a Laplace solver with a non-zero right-hand side. Therefore, we provide a modified Laplace solver together with the tutorial, which needs to be compiled before running the tutorial. The solver can be compiled by executing `wmake` in the solver directory `./openfoam-solver/`. The generated executable will be stored in the `FOAM_USER_APPBIN` by default. Afterwards, the custom solver `heatTransfer` can be started from the respective OpenFOAM case directory, as usual.

> * The second challenge is given by the time- and space-dependent Dirichlet boundary conditions required for domain boundaries belonging not to the interface. For this purpose, a valid installation of `groovyBC` (part of `swak4Foam`) is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The second challenge is given by the time- and space-dependent Dirichlet boundary conditions required for domain boundaries not belonging to the interface. For this purpose, a valid installation of `groovyBC` (part of `swak4Foam`) is required.
```

> * The third challenge is given by the space-dependent initial conditions. We let `funkySetFields`, which is installed along with OpenFOAM by default, evaluate the initial condition. You can simply execute the script `./run.sh` script, as usual, which calls the `setInitialField.sh` in order to evaluate and store the required initial condition in the `0` directory. Note that the `./run.sh` script deletes the `0` time directory and copies it again from `0.orig`. If you start modifying the initial or boundary conditions, make sure you modify the files located in the `0.orig` directory in combination with the default `./run.sh` scripts.

Reviewer: Trying to make it a bit more concise (and fixing 1-2 typos):
```suggestion
* The third challenge is given by the space-dependent initial conditions. We use `funkySetFields` (installed with OpenFOAM) to evaluate the initial condition. You can directly execute the `./run.sh` script, which calls the `setInitialField.sh` in order to evaluate the required initial condition and store it in the `0` directory. Note that `run.sh`  deletes the `0` time directory and copies it again from `0.orig`. If you start modifying the initial or boundary conditions, make sure you modify the files located in the `0.orig` directory in combination with the default `run.sh` scripts.
```
